What Is the Django ? What is Django used for?
        Django is a web development framework for building websites and web applications using Python.
    It provides a set of tools and features that make it easier to create web applications quickly and efficiently. 
    Django handles common web development tasks like database management, URL routing, form handling, and user authentication, 
    allowing developers to focus on building the unique features of application instead of reinventing the wheel. 
    It follows the "Don't Repeat Yourself" (DRY) principle, promoting code reuse and maintainability.

Who invented django?
        Django was invented by Adrian Holovaty and Simon Willison in 2003 while working at a newspaper company called World Online. 
    They created Django to help them build web applications quickly and efficiently for the newsroom.
    Django was later released as an open-source project in 2005, allowing developers worldwide to use and contribute to its development. 
    Since then, it has grown into a popular web development framework known for its simplicity, flexibility, and productivity-enhancing features.

How to check Django version?
    1- Open a command prompt or terminal window on your computer.
    2- Type the following command and press Enter: python -m django --version.
    3- You will see the Django version displayed on the screen.

Which Companies Use Django?
        Many companies use Django for building their websites and web applications. 
    Some notable examples include Instagram, which initially used Django to handle its massive photo-sharing platform, Pinterest, 
    which relies on Django for its content-sharing site, and Spotify, which uses Django for various aspects of its music streaming service.
    Additionally, companies like Disqus, Eventbrite, and Dropbox have also adopted Django for their web development needs.

What are the skills required for becoming a Django Developer?
        To become a Django developer, you will need strong Python programming skills, a solid understanding of web development concepts, 
    proficiency in Django framework including models, views, templates, and forms, familiarity with databases and SQL, 
    and knowledge of version control systems like Git. Problem-solving abilities, effective communication, 
    and collaboration skills are also essential for success in this role.

How to write Hello World in Django?
To write "Hello World" in Django, start by setting up Django on your computer. 
Create a new Django project and app using command line tools. 
Define a URL route in the urls.py file of the project and create a view function in the app's views.py file that returns an HTTP response with the "Hello World" 
message. Map the URL route to the view function. 
Finally, run the Django development server and navigate to the specified URL in a web browser to see the "Hello World" message displayed on the webpage.

some commands to help you:
pip install virtualenv
open project folder
virtualenv venv 
venv\Scripts\activate  
venv/Scripts/deactivate.bat
pip install Django
django-admin startproject hrsystem or django-admin startproject hrsystem .
python manage.py runserver or python manage.py runserver [portNo]
python manage.py startapp company or django-admin startapp myapp
py manage.py makemigrations
py manage.py migrate
py manage.py shell

make DB connection using postgresql
python manage.py migrate

pip3 freeze > requirements.txt

